Modify rule S5147[JS/TS]: Change text to the education framework format (APPSEC-233) (#1384)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S5147/common/pitfalls/code-execution.adoc

==== Code execution

> When untrusted data are used within query operators such as `$where`, `$accumulator` or `$function` it usually results in JavaScript code execution vulnerabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When untrusted data is used within query operators such as `$where`, `$accumulator`, or `$function` it usually results in JavaScript code execution vulnerabilities.
```

> Therefore, untrusted values should not be used inside these query operators unless they are validated against a whitelist.

Reviewer: Maybe I would not give any fix information there. Will prevent keeping the two rules in sync in the future if we need to change the main reco.

```suggestion
Therefore, untrusted values should not be used inside these query operators unless they are properly validated.
```
